doc: added known issue entry for QSPI fault during DFU SMP (#17349)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-1 v2-6-0

> NCSDK-29228: The DFU over Bluetooth LE SMP can lead to the application crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-29228: DFU over Bluetooth LE SMP can lead to an application crash
```

>   Performing the DFU over SMP using a big application image with specific size can lead to the MPU fault and application crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Performing the DFU over SMP using a large application image with a specific size can lead to an MPU fault and application crash.
```

>   The issue is not reproducible for images bigger than some maximum limit, but happens for some specific sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The issue is not reproducible for all images above a certain file size, but rather it seems to occur only for some specific sizes.
```

  The reproduction rate is small and the specific conditions to trigger it are not well known.

>   The exact root cause is not known, but this is probably related to the problems with communication between QSPI and external flash chip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The exact root cause is not known, but is probably related to problems with communication between the QSPI and external flash chip.
```
